feat: add OZ merkle-tree lib compatibility (#9)
MerlinEgalite/universal-rewards-distributor: README.md

Tests are using [Murky](https://github.com/dmfxyz/murky), to generate Merkle trees in Solidity.

## Usage
Merkle trees should be generated with [Openzeppelin library](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/merkle-tree).  

> It will ensures trees will be secure for on-chain verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will ensure that trees will be secure for on-chain verification.
```
